Scripts that presented the experimental stimuli and produced the files described
below are available from UO Scholars Bank at https://doi.org/10.7264/3b49-tr85.

Behavioral Data Logs
====================
Presentation of experimental stimuli with PsychoPy-based (Pierce, 2007) script
produced log files that recorded and timestamped details of the stimulus 
presentation and participant responses.

Lines in the log file that contained participant identifiers were removed to 
protect participant identity (INFO entries with original filenames to which 
data was written; file location in the BIDS structure (Gorgolewski et al, 2016) 
and file naming convention provides sufficient information to align behavioral 
data with neuroimaging data and compensate for the data that was removed).  
Dates of participation were removed from the tabular data (.csv); each scanning 
session was conducted on a single day.  New participant identifiers were 
assigned in the preparation of the BIDS-compatible data set; old identifiers 
were removed to reduce confusion.  The column name "preferred hand" was renamed 
in post-processing to "preferredHand" to remove the space character from the 
column name.  The binary record files (.psydat) were intentionally excluded 
from this data set; the contents of those files are serialized data that 
reconstruct program state (with, e.g., participation date).

Note that the augmented sequential map type used a short label "hybrid" in the 
source files from PsychoPy.  Values in the "audio" column of the comma 
separated values (.csv) tables and log entries that reference hybrid should be 
interpreted as "augmented-sequential" (e.g.,the colon-separated string 
"start:listen:hybrid:active:black:163.514193773" indicates the onset time of an 
augmented-sequential map type as the stimulus during a listen activity).

sourcedata/task-maplistening_psychopy.json
	Description of the fields included in the *.csv tabular data

sourcedata/behavioral/sub-NN/sub-NN_task-maplistening_psychopy.csv
	Trial details, including stimulus and participant responses
	
sourcedata/behavioral/sub-NN/sub-NN_task-maplistening_psychopy.log
	Record of presentation execution
	

References
===========
Gorgolewski, K.J., Auer, T., Calhoun, V.D., Craddock, R.C., Das, S., Duff, E.P., 
	Flandin, G., Ghosh, S.S., Glatard, T., Halchenko, Y.O., Handwerker, D.A., 
	Hanke, M., Keator, D., Li, X., Michael, Z., Maumet, C., Nichols, B.N., 
	Nichols, T.E., Pellman, J., Poline, J.-B., Rokem, A., Schaefer, G., Sochat, 
	V., Triplett, W., Turner, J.A., Varoquaux, G., Poldrack, R.A. The brain 
	imaging data structure, a format for organizing and describing outputs of
	neuroimaging experiments. Scientific Data, 3:160044, 2016.

Peirce, JW. PsychoPy–psychophysics software in Python. Journal of Neuroscience 
	Methods, 162(1–2):8 – 13, 2007. Software Available: http://www.psychopy.org/
